My interest in computer science began in middle school, 7th grade. Our CS teacher led us through topics like HTML, Scratch, Arduino Robots, and MakeyMakey boards. Scratch in particular piqued my interest - I made games, art, animations, and competed in an animation contest where I placed in the top 3 of 15 contestants. Fast forward to high school, freshman year, where I began to learn more realistic and applicable programming. I took any computer science class I could fit in my schedule (Java, AP Computer Science), even looking past the school curriculum to enroll in Virtual High School Cybersecurity. However, none of that came close to the year after: FRC Robotics.
In my sophomore year, Metuchen High School’s first ever FRC Robotics team was established. I was a bit skeptical of the club’s legitimacy, but joined nonetheless. Best decision of my life. Instantly, I was swept into a whole new world of applied learning, teamwork, communication, and more. The countless formulas, concepts, and skills we learned in school were actually being applied to help build the robot, and my programming knowledge was no different. Previously, all of my projects and code had been virtual. Shapes and colors on a screen, and not much else. Programming FRC robots was the first time I was able to write code and see its effect in the physical, tangible world. Seeing the robot move forward and back, spin around in circles, and flash its lights — all because of the code I wrote, the chassis our mechanical team built, the electronics our electrical team wired — felt amazing. Coupled with my position as the lead driver, I was free to experiment with any part of the code and see how it affected the robot. Through countless tweaks and test runs from all of the sub-teams, we were able to advance to District Championships in our first year of competition. 
What I want to do in college and beyond is no different from what I’ve been doing already. I want to write code, struggle with it, and feel the sense of accomplishment that comes with a project working as intended. Be it through self-driving cars, or Amazon delivery drones, or robot receptionists, I want to bring what I do on the screen to the real world, and enable my code to have a positive and tangible impact. 
